## Tools
- For this project, our team used the following tools. For the server and the database, we used Node.js with the Express framework and Nedb respectively. For the front end and design, we used HTML5 with CSS as well as plain JavaScript. On the front-end side of the project our design was augmented by Bootstrap, which we used extensively to simplify some of the design implementations we had. To track and share our progress within the team, we used Pivotal Tracker and Github. These technologies worked wonderfully because they provided a simple and quick implementation solution for the features we wanted for this project. However, it is important to note that there were difficulties as not everyone on the team was familiar with the aforementioned tools. We stumbled into a few roadblocks as we went through the project and were able to learn from them. In the end those on the team who were less experienced with these tools became a lot more knowledgeable about and aware of them.

##Techniques and Conventions
- During the entire duration of the project we used the MVC model along side SCRUM as well as agile framework for our development. These techniques worked for us, because we were able to stay accountable with each other and constantly involved with project. The main convention we decided to take for the duration of this project was concerning the distribution of workflow. Tasks were distributed from the start of the project period to best suit each team member’s skill set and allow for maximum efficiency. However, it is important to note that this ideal scenario did not always go as planned. It was sometimes necessary for different team members to intervene and help others with their tasks.

## The Ideal Process
- If we were to work as a team in the future I believe the ideal process would involve better communication. Our current process best suited the skillsets we all had at the time, however now that we have gone through an entire semester with 4 sprints we all were able to learn new things as we went along. Our skillsets, now better refined for tasks similar to the one we completed so far, would require a different process in order to allow us to reach maximum efficiency. We believe that this new development process we would follow the same agile framework we have followed for this project, however it would implement better communication concerning feature design, bugs, testing, system and design updates and other smaller details.
