## Project Objective:
- For our final project our team will make a webstore which will sell a set of different textbooks for students based on their current courses. A user will be able to make an account as a customer or as a seller. As a costumer, the user will input their courses and receive a list of books usually required and recommended for those courses. As a seller, the user will be able to sell and manage books on the site.

## Key Personas:
- They key users in this case would be students. One group would be the students that need textbooks, in other words if a student is taking a set of courses they will most likely require textbooks for those courses, which might be mandatory, or just recommended readings from the professor. The other group of students would be those which already finished some courses and are therefore wanting to sell their textbooks. Furthermore, a smaller percentage on the spectrum of our key users would be professors. This is because the site will have a recommendations forum. This is where teachers, or teaching assistants or even students would be able to recommend books which might not be on the site yet. This is where professors become a somewhat important part of the key users because they will be able to improve the quality of the book selection on the webstore.

## Key Scenarios:
- To better portray the above statement, we will show some examples.
    1. Over a period of time a number of professors recommend a book for a specific course through the recommendations forum. The web store then sends an email to its sellers saying there should be demand for that book and so if anyone has it and does not require it they should sell it.
    2. A student is looking for textbooks for their courses. They create an account on the web store and provide their current schedule. Based on their schedule they receive a list of books usually recommended for their courses. After which they can decide which books to purchase or not. 
    3. A student has textbooks they do not require any further. They decide to create an account and post the textbooks on the website. They see that after a while their textbooks are not being purchased while other textbooks for the same course are being bought. They decide to adjust the price.
    4. A seller receives an e-mail from the webstore that there is a textbook that will likely be in high demand. They have a copy of that textbook; however, they require it for the course. They decide that they will sell it high now, and purchase it for a lower price after the market is saturated.

## Key Principles:
- Some of the key principles surrounding the web store are competition, fast saturation, and user base input. Students will want to sell their books as soon as possible for courses they passed and new students will want to buy textbooks for their new courses for a cheaper price. The competition comes into play because you might list your book early with a high price and it might be bought because there are not many other of the same book on the web store, however if other students start listing their books on the store there will be enough to saturate the demand and prices must lower. Finally, the books available will of course be because of the users posting them, however through the recommendation forum other users will be able to direct the flow of books entering the web store.

